I move the enemy vodka drink wine
french italian doctor man
toast
course of Ukrainian wine can not be in
principle we have a breadth something she can't
grow here just she can grow
slightly in moldova
and we just have no temperature and
climate zone serious statement
so incompetent or not
responsibly resident strict war I
should talk about what is possible here
grow the blame and before that they could
grow except fortified in the Crimea
terrible surrogate who is pichko too
if not called on shmurdyak
articles ugly soviet product
systems when allowed to mount wine
no alcohol grape production
After all, fortified wines are in Portugal
everyone knows for example the port to port
good right
wine fortified 50 grams which can
cost 50 60 euros in good hotels yes
because cry 5 is only alcohol
grape origin
but unfortunately they fix with alcohol
rectified om for ordinary people not
related to the industry will say it anyway
what to take wine and pour it in vovku and here
and this means mean elite species
In our country, trouble of course with this but
make a statement for sure
enlightened person how are you
Ukraine is no fault what zone are you
grown grain make a statement that
for example, Ukraine has no program
psychology of money or balashov
and it is grown wine but long ago in
Crimea tried to row there so thin
a place where you can grow wine but
even when the doctors started that there 18
century they said it is impossible here
dry wines do if so they started
make fortified suggest you if you
are a lover
dry wine quite noticing to evil you
recommend
committing for chardonnay perfectly
European Ukrainian Chardonnay propose
make a bet right here we will do for
not much talking blind
tastings will not know where I am at fault
you will not be influenced by nonsense that is
intangible asset any
so become an enterprise and you
analyze start then where are your
wonderful french here you are
patriot
I understand Ukraine and believed that here
you can grow a wreath and thrust on it
There is such a wine list all over the world.
competitor you can watch the video
wine regions have competition
France is not specifically plotting against
Ukraine is not only a conspiracy against all
besides myself alex why are argentina come in
in this zone chili piece even a piece
japan are included
so there is a mass of the camp which you enter
are the blood of Ukraine
and why there is no Ukraine I stolen 37
is it time i tell you what recently on
one of ours with 3 not on our way
about our competitors was famous such
hereditary wines made from france was
amazed everyone its what's done here what
not always the french people are very polite
come and amazed at the quality of why
do